hello to all of you so a
little video that I wanted to do because
when I wanted to buy this computer
there I have not found any videos on
youtube in french for a little bit
detailed what this computer he had
in the box
how it presented itself and so on and
so here I am allowing myself to
do it so it's a
laptop asus rog republic of gamer
I have 75 vw model t 23,75 h
this
this computer is composed of a
intel i7 processor 36 30
qm running at 2.4 g guys with a
3.24 boost system
this one with giga ram and can in
to have 16 on some models
not this one the hard drive
750 giga 7200 rpm in
September
can we have
discs
total there is a second location
adapted
will receive scientist burner dvd
bush
thanks and
560m gtx graphics card with two gigabytes
operating system on the other hand
2.8
a little bit
like that now here's what
regards the
the pc in human so the two filters
additional dustproof taking
sector
and the battery to install
and therefore the sector block that is by
against very imposing compared to a
computer
the classic office type
and in this box of traditional
notice
Firstly
I served
us
the cd also driver
and military for the computer
then the guy
kind of link
scratch time
there is also
Furthermore
10am and peace love serve
its hard disk drive
hours
the pc
his nose
protection
very pretty
computer
two burrows
with 2
and ventilation
heat extraction
for forgiveness the
chic and the left all
dvd burner multi cards then this headset
and micro and so on the right we have two
usb 3 a mini display a hdmi 1 ethernet
and the monitor port
so screen map
anti reflections
otherwise the
the principle shell in the end because
the whole pc
material
very pleasant
which respects fingerprints
no
you are afraid of rubbery
very applauded
on the flat like the bassinet
that we have
little cloth as true in the
can we carton
from just now
stickers
except that
but
jean shows you a little bit more in
details
various instructions
altogether
here is first in the image so too
affected
manage it
I
this pc i hope comments are not
too much under a little bit it's
I go
duchamp and
thank you our good